[Doc] Update version info in doc (#2851)
open-mmlab/mmsegmentation: docs/en/migration/interface.md

1. [MMEngine](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmengine): MMEngine is the core the OpenMMLab 2.0 architecture, and we splited many compentents unrelated to computer vision from MMCV to MMEngine.

2. [MMCV](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmcv): The computer vision package of OpenMMLab. This is not a new dependency, but you need to upgrade it to **2.0.0** version or above.

> 3. [MMClassification](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmclassification)(Optional): The image classification toolbox and benchmark of OpenMMLab. This is not a new dependency, but you need to upgrade it to **1.0.0** version or above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. [MMClassification](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmclassification)(Optional): The image classification toolbox and benchmark of OpenMMLab. This is not a new dependency, but you need to upgrade it to **1.0.0rc6** version.
```
